COM-291: Refactor theming of `AppHeaderButton` (#1595)
vivid-planet/comet: .changeset/tough-zoos-refuse.md

---

> "@comet/admin": minor

Reviewer: This is a breaking change (requires a change in app code)

```suggestion
"@comet/admin": major
```

---
"@comet/admin": major
---

Remove the `disabled` and `focusVisible` class key and rename `inner` class key to `content` in `AppHeaderButtonClassKey`

Use the `:disabled` selector on `root` instead when styling the disabled state.
Use the `:focus` selector on `root` instead when styling the focus state.

> Use the `content` prop instead of `inner` to override styles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `content` class key instead of `inner` to override styles.
```
